Bashtools is a collection of working scripts and a bunch of ideas that are not implemented or
only partly implemented to make the daily life as an administrator a bit easier.

Most scripts are SUSE-specific and may or may not work with your linux setup.
You are welcome to change scripts acording to your needs and write comments
or request for features. But i am not prommisse to implement those features.

!!! Note: That some Scripts are working perfectly fine and some are not. !!!

!!! Note: Please read and at least try to understand what a script is doing before running it.
Don't blame me if something went wrong and broke your system. I give absolutely no warenty
to this Collection of "Software". !!!

#Script		Whats it doing				Status
adduser		The SuSE Way of deians adduser		in development

aide.sh		Script for daily cron			stable

autoshutdown	Script for managing time when a 	works but highly unstable
		computer should shutdown

broken_links	find and report broken links		stable

checkperm	find files in home directory 		in development
		are writeable to others	

cleancheck	find and report security issues		stable but nearly dead

clearlogs	remove old logfiles			stable 

clearswap	clean swapspace from poisened files	unstable (works for me)

create_repofino	create informations about 		stable 
		installed packages	
			+ works slow but is more reliable than yast or zypper

dec2bin		transform decimal numbers to binary	stable

bin2dec		transform binary to decimal		stable

dirinfo		find and report state of the 		idea
		current dir

doubfind	find files with the same content	idea

emesg		filter and find specific words in	idea
		your logfiles

erpm		summarizes information for a rpm	stable
		repositorie

etckeeper-ng	the idea of etckeeper reborn		in development

fakemac		fake your macadress on startup		stable	
		rc-script
		needs macchanger
		
finddoc		find documentation on your local 	useless, unstable
		system	

git-ignore	simply add files to be ignored from	idea
		git tracking 

gnome-do-start	start gnome-do after login		stable

iprotect	enable kernel based security 		stable
		rc-script

irpm		intellegent handle rpm	based on	idea	
		the staes of the rpm to be installed
		and the one allready installed

killit		list and kill programs			in development

lconfig		wrapper script to manage local		in development
		git repositories more easier	

lockkit		lock the terminal			useless, unstable

mksh		keeps your files safe from being 	stable
		deletet	

mmg		safes and restore your gnome session	unstable

package_state	safes the state and all rpms currently	in development (works for me)
		installed using zypper

pinger		pings a host and informs when host 	stable
		is reachable, than stops pinging

man2		man -H$BROWSER				stable

rescale		makes you images smaller		stable

backup_userhome	wrapper script for backuping $HOME	stable

restore_userhome wrapper Script for restoring $HOME	stable

rootcheck	checks the diff of last time 		in development
		installed rpms

rpm_check	querries uninstalled rpms for		stable
		description and othe information
		and writes it to a file

scandisk	script to use with udev			stable
		san files before allowing access
		to a media

schwanvergleich	a german joke, how good is your pc	stable

sh2bin		remove the .sh form script		idea

swapmore	extend swap				in development (works for me)

sysprof		system profiler				idea

unpackrpm	unpack an rpm like a zip file		stable

update_sync	wrapper script to rsync			idea

updoodle	managing the doodle index database	idea

userinfo	tracking information of how many	stable	
		diskspace a user is taken from disk

wipefree(2) 	wipe free diskspace with garbage	stable (in development)

zipmore		reading files like zmore		works but zmore is better ;)
